2Scrum Definition
Scrum is a lightweight framework that helps people, teams and organizations generate value through
adaptive solutions for complex problems.
In a nutshell, Scrum requires a Scrum Master to foster an environment where:
1.
The Scrum Team turns a selection of the work into an Increment of value during a Sprint.
The Scrum Team and its stakeholders inspect the results and adjust for the next Sprint.
A
Scrum Team is expected to adapt the moment it learns anything new through inspection.
Scrum Values
Successful use of Scrum depends on people becoming more proficient in living five values:
Commitment, Focus, Openness, Respect, and Courage
The Scrum Team commits to achieving its goals and to supporting each other.
The Scrum Team and its
stakeholders are open about the work and the challenges.
Scrum Team members respect each other to
be capable, independent people, and are respected as such by the people with whom they work.
The
Scrum Team members have the courage to do the right thing, to work on tough problems.
These values give direction to the Scrum Team with regard to their work, actions, and behavior.
The Scrum Team members learn and explore the values as they work with
the Scrum events and artifacts.
When these values are embodied by the Scrum Team and the people
they work with, the empirical Scrum pillars of transparency, inspection, and adaptation come to life
building trust.
4Scrum Team
The fundamental unit of Scrum is a small team of people, a Scrum Team.
The Scrum Team consists of
one Scrum Master, one Product Owner, and Developers.
Within a Scrum Team, there are no sub-teams
or hierarchies.
Scrum Teams are cross-functional, meaning the members have all the skills necessary to create value
each Sprint.
The Scrum Team is small enough to remain nimble and large enough to complete significant work within
a Sprint, typically 10 or fewer people.
In general, we have found that smaller teams communicate better
and are more productive.
If Scrum Teams become too large, they should consider reorganizing into
multiple cohesive Scrum Teams, each focused on the same product.
The Scrum Team is responsible for all product-related activities from stakeholder collaboration,
verification, maintenance, operation, experimentation, research and development, and anything else
that might be required.
Working in Sprints at a sustainable pace improves the Scrum Team’s focus and consistency.
The entire Scrum Team is accountable for creating a valuable, useful Increment every Sprint.
Scrum
defines three specific accountabilities within the Scrum Team: the Developers, the Product Owner, and
the Scrum Master.
Developers
Developers are the people in the Scrum Team that are committed to creating any aspect of a usable
Increment each Sprint.
Scrum Master
The Scrum Master is accountable for establishing Scrum as defined in the Scrum Guide.
The Scrum Master is accountable for the Scrum Team’s effectiveness.
Scrum Masters are true leaders who serve the Scrum Team and the larger organization.
The Scrum Master serves the Scrum Team in several ways, including:
●
●
●
●
Coaching the team members in self-management and cross-functionality;
Helping the Scrum Team focus on creating high-value Increments that meet the Definition of
Done;
Causing the removal of impediments to the Scrum Team’s progress; and,
Ensuring that all Scrum events take place and are positive, productive, and kept within the
timebox.
The Scrum Master serves the Product Owner in several ways, including:
6●
●
●
●
Helping find techniques for effective Product Goal definition and Product Backlog management;
Helping the Scrum Team understand the need for clear and concise Product Backlog items;
Helping establish empirical product planning for a complex environment; and,
Facilitating stakeholder collaboration as requested or needed.
The Scrum Master serves the organization in several ways, including:
●
●
●
●
Leading, training, and coaching the organization in its Scrum adoption;
Planning and advising Scrum implementations within the organization;
Helping employees and stakeholders understand and enact an empirical approach for complex
work; and,
Removing barriers between stakeholders and Scrum Teams.
The whole Scrum Team then collaborates to define a Sprint Goal that communicates why the Sprint is
valuable to stakeholders.
If the Product Owner or Scrum Master
are actively working on items in the Sprint Backlog, they participate as Developers.
Based on this information, attendees collaborate on what to do
next.
If the work turns out to be
different than they expected, they collaborate with the Product Owner to negotiate the scope of the
Sprint Backlog within the Sprint without affecting the Sprint Goal.