We are humbled to see
Scrum being adopted in many domains holding essentially complex work, beyond software product
development where Scrum has its roots.
A Product Owner orders the work for a complex problem into a Product Backlog.
Adaptation
If any aspects of a process deviate outside acceptable limits or if the resulting product is unacceptable,
the process being applied or the materials being produced must be adjusted.
The Scrum Team consists of
one Scrum Master, one Product Owner, and Developers.
It is a cohesive unit of professionals focused on one objective at a time, the Product Goal.
In general, we have found that smaller teams communicate better
and are more productive.
If Scrum Teams become too large, they should consider reorganizing into
multiple cohesive Scrum Teams, each focused on the same product.
Therefore, they should share the
same Product Goal, Product Backlog, and Product Owner.
The Scrum Team is responsible for all product-related activities from stakeholder collaboration,
verification, maintenance, operation, experimentation, research and development, and anything else
that might be required.
Scrum
defines three specific accountabilities within the Scrum Team: the Developers, the Product Owner, and
the Scrum Master.
Product Owner
The Product Owner is accountable for maximizing the value of the product resulting from the work of
the Scrum Team.
5The Product Owner is also accountable for effective Product Backlog management, which includes:
●
●
●
●
Developing and explicitly communicating the Product Goal;
Creating and clearly communicating Product Backlog items;
Ordering Product Backlog items; and,
Ensuring that the Product Backlog is transparent, visible and understood.
The Product Owner may do the above work or may delegate the responsibility to others.
Regardless, the
Product Owner remains accountable.
For Product Owners to succeed, the entire organization must respect their decisions.
These decisions
are visible in the content and ordering of the Product Backlog, and through the inspectable Increment at
the Sprint Review.
The Product Owner is one person, not a committee.
The Product Owner may represent the needs of
many stakeholders in the Product Backlog.
Those wanting to change the Product Backlog can do so by
trying to convince the Product Owner.
The Scrum Master serves the Scrum Team in several ways, including:
●
●
●
●
Coaching the team members in self-management and cross-functionality;
Helping the Scrum Team focus on creating high-value Increments that meet the Definition of
Done;
Causing the removal of impediments to the Scrum Team’s progress; and,
Ensuring that all Scrum events take place and are positive, productive, and kept within the
timebox.
The Scrum Master serves the Product Owner in several ways, including:
6●
●
●
●
Helping find techniques for effective Product Goal definition and Product Backlog management;
Helping the Scrum Team understand the need for clear and concise Product Backlog items;
Helping establish empirical product planning for a complex environment; and,
Facilitating stakeholder collaboration as requested or needed.
All the work necessary to achieve the Product Goal, including Sprint Planning, Daily Scrums, Sprint
Review, and Sprint Retrospective, happen within Sprints.
During the Sprint:
●
●
●
●
No changes are made that would endanger the Sprint Goal;
Quality does not decrease;
The Product Backlog is refined as needed; and,
Scope may be clarified and renegotiated with the Product Owner as more is learned.
Sprints enable predictability by ensuring inspection and adaptation of progress toward a Product Goal at
least every calendar month.
Only the Product Owner has the
authority to cancel the Sprint.
The Product Owner ensures that attendees are prepared to discuss the most important Product Backlog
items and how they map to the Product Goal.
The Product Owner proposes how the product could increase its value and utility in the current Sprint.
Through discussion with the Product Owner, the Developers select items from the Product Backlog to
include in the current Sprint.
For each selected Product Backlog item, the Developers plan the work necessary to create an Increment
that meets the Definition of Done.
This is often done by decomposing Product Backlog items into
smaller work items of one day or less.
No
one else tells them how to turn Product Backlog items into Increments of value.
8The Sprint Goal, the Product Backlog items selected for the Sprint, plus the plan for delivering them are
together referred to as the Sprint Backlog.
If the Product Owner or Scrum Master
are actively working on items in the Sprint Backlog, they participate as Developers.
The Scrum Team presents the results of their work to key stakeholders and progress
toward the Product Goal is discussed.
The Product Backlog may also be adjusted to meet new opportunities.